docs: the design documentation (#5)
ckb-cell/ckb-bitcoin-spv: docs/Design.md

      For security, the on-chain script has to calculate the POW target for
      the next block by itself.

      So, there are two more data have to be cached on chain:

      - The start time of the first block after difficulty adjustment.

      - If the next block is one of the first blocks after difficulty
        adjustment, its target should be calculated and cached.

  - Then, check the new MMR root:

    - The new MMR root should be constructed based on the previous MMR root,
      and only the new header should be appended.

  After the above checks passed, then save the new data into the cell.

> [!NOTE]
> In bitcoin headers, the height is not stored, but we have to store all
> heights on CKB chain.\
> The heights are required for two reasons: calculate the index of MMR and
> calculate the block confirmations.

#### 1.2. Verification stage

With the stored MMR root on CKB, an on-chain script can check whether a
bitcoin header is contained in that MMR tree.

There are 3 items required to be submitted to the CKB chain:
- The MMR proof of the header which is required to be proven.
- The full data of the header, or its hash.
- The height of the header.

> Since the bitcoin POW is too hard, so, if a header is contained in the MMR
> tree, we could consider that header is contained in the bitcoin chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the PoW of the header has been verified, if a header is contained within the
MMR tree on CKB, it implies that the corresponding header is part of the Bitcoin
chain.
```

modifying the header.

So, a transaction could be verified whether it's in a header, with the
merkle root hash and a merkle proof which contains it.

## Optimization

Save any data on chain will occupy the capacity of CKBytes permanently. And,
not all bitcoin headers will be used.\
So, we won't save all bitcoin headers on the chain.\
For verification, we can just put them into the witnesses.

When users want to verify a bitcoin header, they should submit that header
to CKB chain, or only its hash is enough.

But when verifies a bitcoin transaction, the full header is required to be
submitted to CKB chain; because the "merkle root hash" in the header is
required. \
An interesting fact is, that the merkle proof of the transaction already
contains the full header.[^4] So the header doesn't have to be submitted
alone.

## Disadvantages

- Calculate the MMR proof is not simple for normal users.

  A service is required, to collect all headers which are contained in the
  MMR root.

## References

- [`CalculateNextWorkRequired(..)`]

  The function, which is used to calculate the next target.

- [`CPartialMerkleTree::ExtractMatches(..)`]

>   The function, which is used to verify that a proof points to a transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The function ensures that the partial Merkle tree is correctly constructed. It is used to verify that a proof points to a transaction.
```
